#labels Featured
*v1.5*
  * Added 'Hide Icons' option.
  * Added custom fonts and bubble opacity.
  * Added custom icons.
  * Added right to left text suport.
  * Added multiple language shortcuts.
  * Added Real-Time language switch.
  * Added Real-Time dictionary.
  * Added line breaks to result box.
  * Fixed aplly changes without reload page.
  * Fixed Real-time delay.
  * Fixed space needed in Real-Time to translate.
  * Change to 'Page Actions'.
  * Change bubble ID to unique.

*v1.2*
  * Fixed Page Action error, now used Browser Action.

*v1.1*
  * Added new autoupdate URL.

*v0.9*
  * New Popup menu.
  * New 'Real-time' translation.
  * New Full website translation.

*v0.4.5*
  * Remove support for local files.

*v0.4.4*
  * Fixed Google Reader position.
  * Fixed Acid3test.
  * Fixed Lenguages issues.
  * Added Page Actions for 'Hide Icon' Option.

*v0.4.1*
  * Fixed critical issues with Toolbar Icon.

*v0.4*
  * Added Browser Actions and Toolbar Icon.

*v0.3*
  * Fixed localStorage in Preferences tab with extension.connection.
  * New Themes for Tooltip and better look.
  * Added Tooltip arrow in canvas.
  * Fixed https permissions.
  * Fixed local file execution.

*v0.2.2*
  * Fixed extension.connect.
  * New Icons (Up 26.5Kb).

*v0.2.1*
  * Added Autoupdate.

*v0.2*
  * New Preferences window.
  * Changed Shortcut.
  * Added Toolstrip click Preferences.

*v0.1.6*
  * Fixed extension.connect (Load on event).

*v0.1.5*
  * Added multi-language support.
  * Fixed Tooltip width.